Add support for MSW (#68)
marmelab/FakeRest: README.md

## Usage

### MSW

> We recommend you use [MSW](https://mswjs.io/) to mock your API. This will allow you to inspect requests as you usually do in the developer devtool network tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you use [MSW](https://mswjs.io/) to mock your API. This will allow you to inspect requests as you usually do in the devtools network tab.
```

First, install msw and initialize it:

```sh
npm install msw@latest --save-dev
npx msw init <PUBLIC_DIR> # eg: public
```

```js
// in ./src/msw.js
import { setupWorker } from "msw/browser";
import { getMswHandlers } from "fakerest";

const data = {
    'authors': [
        { id: 0, first_name: 'Leo', last_name: 'Tolstoi' },
        { id: 1, first_name: 'Jane', last_name: 'Austen' }
    ],
    'books': [
        { id: 0, author_id: 0, title: 'Anna Karenina' },
        { id: 1, author_id: 0, title: 'War and Peace' },
        { id: 2, author_id: 1, title: 'Pride and Prejudice' },
        { id: 3, author_id: 1, title: 'Sense and Sensibility' }
    ],
    'settings': {
        language: 'english',
        preferred_format: 'hardback',
    }
};

export const worker = setupWorker(...getMswHandlers({
    data
}));
```

Then call the `worker.start()` method before rendering your application. For instance, in a Vite React application:

```js
import React from "react";
import ReactDom from "react-dom";
import { App } from "./App";
import { worker } from "./msw";

worker.start().then(() => {
  ReactDom.render(<App />, document.getElementById("root"));
});
```

> ### Fake XMLHTTPRequest

Reviewer: I'd frename that one Sinon, and the following fetchMock
